you sense the chemistry between them
you've seen the camaraderie between the
cast of guardians of the galaxy but how
much of that is real and how much is
what they call show business bullcrap
it's time to find out how well these
know each other play guess the Guardian
[Applause]
[Music]
here's how the game works I will share
an interesting fact some a little tidbit
about either Chris owee Michael Dave or
Kurt your job is to write down who you
think I'm talking about you understand
who is the fact about it the fact is
about you just write me we presume you
will know if the fact is indeed about
you whoever gets the most answers
correct is the winner and if you guess
correctly Guillermo will reward you with
a bag of ice that's right to reduce
whatever has the most bags of ice at the
end of the game will be the winner are
you ready to play Guardian we're gonna
start with a relatively easy one the
first question is this Guardian collects
lunchboxes who is this Guardian make
sure you can't see each other's boards
and put your pens down alright
Michael is cheating that's why he was
not invited Japan we owe the answers to
save time Guardians who collects
lunchboxes survey says the answer is
Joey says Dave Chris says Dave Michael
says Chris Oh Kurt says zoey and dave
says himself that's a win for Dave
that's a win for day thank you please
hang on to your bag of ice what is your
favorite lunch box Dave I have a 1967
Green Hornet lunch the Green Hornet
night is the reason you collect lunchbox
wild days you can like lunch so much you
needed a lot of box reunion I need a
food close by okay very good the next
question here we go this Guardian was
once suspended from school for making
and deploying stink bombs home made
stink bombs
who is this Guardian all right
Kurt's finished everybody's finished
okay show your boards The Guardian is Oh
everyone says Rooker and something look
who says Kurt
[Applause]
this is in high school oh yes I was I
was 12 and I was trying to get you know
kids to like me so I I did it I got away
with it twice and then a third time I
got to spend it for two weeks
Wow Wow she was fun making them you
didn't realize you had a little junior
terrorist in your meds our next question
is next here we go in high school also
another high school question this
Guardian gave his teacher a chunk of
concrete and told her it was a piece of
the Berlin wall down
Zoey you have a lead with two bags of
ice your answers please braat braat
Chris Zoey Rooker and oh is that the
name it was indeed Chris Pratt
[Applause]
please
Pierre mo mo was cut out of the movie so
he's a little bit store he's almost yes
crazy across my mind but I'm like Chris
would never do that
what did you do Christmas was what
teacher this was uh maybe my greatest
teacher I've ever had because I'm still
proficient in German frown Novak I had
this weird compulsion to kick rocks and
I had and and I if I had that wherever I
was going I had to keep the rock all the
way there and I was late and so I
pocketed the rock and then she said
Kristoff varoom miss to show spate I
said and I told her the story as told
her that my cousin was in the Navy and
that he was there for the fall of the
wall and that he didn't take this piece
of concrete which was really a piece of
like a sidewalk did you ever tell her
the truth I don't think I've ever told
oh I need you to no friend no book that
that I'm I am I'm forever in debt to
your one painting and I love you I felt
bad and how do you sort a fantastic
teacher how do you say sorry in German
it's to be a light phone oh okay as far
as I can see Chris was over here tied
next question this Guardian chopped the
tip of his or her finger off with a
brick to win the love of a neighbor
Guardian who went to this a stunning
extreme gentleman lady Rooker Rooker
worker Kurt and it was Kurt indeed
[Applause]
Wow Kurt why did you do this because I
was three years old oh you're a three
years old but she could get me to do
anything is that I'll bet she won't chop
your finger off with a brick I said yes
I will
I did well you don't believe me
it was Goldie Hawn they sold it back on
whoa oh my it was like for real like a
little like I was that's our final
question we have a three-way tie the
final question is this Guardian lost his
or her virginity in a pup tent in a
neighbor's backyard lost his virginity
or her virginity in a pumpkin in a
neighbor's backyard all right let's see
your boards the board say Rooker it was
not Chris it was indeed Mike
[Applause]
all right here's the tiebreaking
question in the first game guardians of
the galaxy movie how many times does Vin
Diesel say I am Groot
how many times oh whoever gets closest
is the winner sadly Michael and date
you've already been eliminated but Dave
you've got so many lunch boxes you don't
need a prize anyway alright let's see
reveal your boards the okay the answer
the closest is Zooey the answer is 1312
actually but Dave had 17 - he doesn't
have as many bags of ices you
[Applause]
Zoe congratulations we got you something
that you're really going to like it's a
wheel barrel for all your eyes and all
the eyes
everyone in our studio audience Todd
gets a pair of tickets to see guardians
of the galaxy vol 2 an IMAX 3d
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares